README.md, before:

Cassandra Plugins for Akka Persistence
======================================

For questions please use the [discuss.akka.io](https://discuss.lightbend.com/c/akka/). Tag any new questions with `akka-persistence` and `cassandra`.

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/akka/akka-persistence-cassandra](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/akka/akka-persistence-cassandra?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

Replicated [Akka Persistence](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/current/scala/persistence.html) journal and snapshot store backed by [Apache Cassandra](https://cassandra.apache.org/).

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/akka/akka-persistence-cassandra.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/akka/akka-persistence-cassandra)

Implementation in the `master` branch is currently work-in-progress for the upcoming `1.0` release. [Snapshot documentation](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka-persistence-cassandra/snapshot/) and [snapshot artifacts](https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/snapshots/com/lightbend/akka/akka-persistence-cassandra_2.12/) are published for every successful `master` branch build.

Documentation for the `0.x` versions is available on the [`release-0.x` branch](https://github.com/akka/akka-persistence-cassandra/tree/release-0.x).

## History

This [Apache Cassandra](https://cassandra.apache.org/) plugin to Akka Persistence was initiated [originally](https://github.com/krasserm/akka-persistence-cassandra) by Martin Krasser, [@krasserm](https://github.com/krasserm) in 2014.

It moved to the [Akka](https://github.com/akka/) organisation in 2016 and the first release after that move was 0.7 in January 2016.

Commit message:

Link to docs [skip ci]

README.md, after:

Cassandra Plugins for Akka Persistence
======================================

For questions please use the [discuss.akka.io](https://discuss.lightbend.com/c/akka/). Tag any new questions with `akka-persistence` and `cassandra`.

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/akka/akka-persistence-cassandra](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/akka/akka-persistence-cassandra?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

Replicated [Akka Persistence](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/current/scala/persistence.html) journal and snapshot store backed by [Apache Cassandra](https://cassandra.apache.org/).

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/akka/akka-persistence-cassandra.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/akka/akka-persistence-cassandra)

Implementation in the `master` branch is currently work-in-progress for the upcoming `1.0` release. [Snapshot documentation](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka-persistence-cassandra/snapshot/) and [snapshot artifacts](https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/snapshots/com/lightbend/akka/akka-persistence-cassandra_2.12/) are published for every successful `master` branch build.

## Documentation

Documentation for version 0.98 and above is available at https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka-persistence-cassandra/0.98/ with the latest docs on https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka-persistence-cassandra/current/.

Documenation for the snapshot of the `master` branch is available at https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka-persistence-cassandra/snapshot/.

For versions earlier than 0.98, check this README.md file for the corresponding release tag.

## History

This [Apache Cassandra](https://cassandra.apache.org/) plugin to Akka Persistence was initiated [originally](https://github.com/krasserm/akka-persistence-cassandra) by Martin Krasser, [@krasserm](https://github.com/krasserm) in 2014.

It moved to the [Akka](https://github.com/akka/) organisation in 2016 and the first release after that move was 0.7 in January 2016.
